readme.md, before:

#Boggle Solver
This is the classic boggle game, played with a N x N  grid of letters.

#Possible Ways to solve
Brute force of exhaustive search would have been O((n^2)!)
A trie could have been used to traverse the dictionary from each point on the grid.
My method iterated through the dictionary, and checked to see if each word was in the grid,
which is at most O(n), where n is the dictionary size.

#Data Structures Used
Hash used for the dictionary, organized by the first letter.
Hash was also used to look up position of letters, and letter at each coord.
  Hash has O(1) lookup times, and each bucket can be removed/inserted very quickly.
  Trees could have been used to traverse the dictionary, as in a trie, but my algorithm called for a different approach. 
Array used to keep track of all valid words found on the grid.
  This is just simple data storage, anything could have worked, but this was simple to implement.
Set was used to keep track of all the indexes visited when tracing steps on the grid.
  Could have been an array, but Set has faster lookup time, O(1), compared to O(n) of an unsorted array.
  However, since the words are so short, this performance increase is minimal.





#How I optimized
Since my dictionary has been formatted in a hash, any words whose first letter did not show up on the grid could easily be excluded from the dictionary.

Commit message:

Adds benchmark times and updates readme with words inside words question

readme.md, after:

#Boggle Solver
This is the classic boggle game, played with a N x N  grid of letters.

#Possible Ways to solve
Brute force of exhaustive search would have been O((n^2)!)
A trie could have been used to traverse the dictionary from each point on the grid.
My method iterated through the dictionary, and checked to see if each word was in the grid,
which is at most O(n), where n is the dictionary size.

#Can the algorithm handle words within words? ie. 'her' inside 'catcher' ?
Yes. Since the algorithm searches through each word of the UNIX dictionary (~250k inputs), every word has the opportunity to find it's place in the world.

#Data Structures Used
Hash used for the dictionary, organized by the first letter.
Hash was also used to look up position of letters, and letter at each coord.
  Hash has O(1) lookup times, and each bucket can be removed/inserted very quickly.
  Trees could have been used to traverse the dictionary, as in a trie, but my algorithm called for a different approach. 
Array used to keep track of all valid words found on the grid.
  This is just simple data storage, anything could have worked, but this was simple to implement.
Nested Array (2D Matrix) used to format the grid of letters.

Set was used to keep track of all the indexes visited when tracing steps on the grid.
  Could have been an array, but Set has faster lookup time, O(1), compared to O(n) of an unsorted array.
  However, since the words are so short, this performance increase is minimal.

#How I optimized
Since my dictionary has been formatted in a hash, any words whose first letter did not show up on the grid could easily be excluded from the dictionary.
